> To avoid the possibility of uninitialized members, simply ensure that each member has a default value (either an explicit default value, or an empty pair of braces). That way, our members will be initialized with some value regardless of whether we provide an initializer list or not.

* There should be a caveat that there are times, specifically in embedded real-time systems, where it might not be desirable to initialize fields of a struct. We have baselines that need to be in service > 25 years, some of which contain safety critical code which cannot easily be refactored and changed due to cost and lengthy recertification process, so while the example might seem esoteric, it's a real life example where you can't just change the design. I have seen an example where a function `f()` was being called 2000 times per second and in that function a `struct S` was being instantiated as `S s1;` That struct had a small array in it and a few ints, none of which were initialized in the definition of the struct. Someone decided to add `{}` to all the fields in the definition of the struct, but the function `f()` was still creating the `struct S` as `S s1;`. The update to the definition of the struct then caused us to start missing deadlines in our real-time system. It was a pain in the neck to trace down that error during integration. (The fields do eventually get assigned values in later processing.) Yes, it probably is a bad design, but one that could not easily be changed given the constraints of the system.
